README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCarlomagno/FaceRecognitionAuth/master/assets/banner.png" alt="banner image"/>
</div>

# FaceNetAuthentication

Simple face recognition authentication (Sign up + Sign in) written in Flutter using Tensorflow Lite and Firebase ML vision library.

## Stack

### Flutter
For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

https://flutter.dev/

### Tensorflow lite
TensorFlow Lite is an open source deep learning framework for on-device inference.

https://www.tensorflow.org/lite

#### Flutter + Tensrorflow lite = tflite_flutter package 
TensorFlow Lite plugin provides a dart API for accessing TensorFlow Lite interpreter and performing inference. It binds to TensorFlow Lite C API using dart:ffi.

https://pub.dev/packages/tflite_flutter/install

## Support
Currently, the project has only support for Android  devices, if you're interested in contribute to provide iOS support, please let me know emailing me to marcoscarlomagno1@gmail.com

## Setup

1- Clone the project:

```
git clone https://github.com/MCarlomagno/FaceRecognitionAuth.git
```
2- Open the folder:

```
cd FaceRecognitionAuth
```
3- Install dependencies:

```
flutter pub get
```
4- Run on device (Check device connected or any virtual device running):

```
flutter run
```

## Screenshots
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCarlomagno/assets/master/face-recog-auth-process.gif" alt="Face recognition auth"/>
</div>

## Licence

https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

Commit message:

Update to be applicable with iOS (can launch App via 'flutter run' on real devices)

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCarlomagno/FaceRecognitionAuth/master/assets/banner.png" alt="banner image"/>
</div>

# FaceNetAuthentication

Simple face recognition authentication (Sign up + Sign in) written in Flutter using Tensorflow Lite and Google ML Kit library.

## Stack

### Flutter
For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

https://flutter.dev/

### Tensorflow lite
TensorFlow Lite is an open source deep learning framework for on-device inference.

https://www.tensorflow.org/lite

#### Flutter + Tensrorflow lite = tflite_flutter package 
TensorFlow Lite plugin provides a dart API for accessing TensorFlow Lite interpreter and performing inference. It binds to TensorFlow Lite C API using dart:ffi.

https://pub.dev/packages/tflite_flutter/install

## Support
If you're interested in contributing, please let me know emailing me to marcoscarlomagno1@gmail.com

## Setup

1- Clone the project:

```
git clone https://github.com/MCarlomagno/FaceRecognitionAuth.git
```
2- Open the folder:

```
cd FaceRecognitionAuth
```
3- Install dependencies:

```
flutter pub get
```
Run in iOS directory
```
pod install
```
4- Run on device (Check device connected or any virtual device running):

```
flutter run
```

To run on iOS you need to have a developer account.
See here https://stackoverflow.com/a/4952845

## Screenshots
<div align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCarlomagno/FaceRecognitionAuth/master/assets/banner.png" alt="banner image"/>
</div>

## Licence

https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
